gh-133438: Fix the use of the terms "argument" and "parameter" in the documentation (#135160)
python/cpython: Doc/library/ast.rst

.. class:: arguments(posonlyargs, args, vararg, kwonlyargs, kw_defaults, kwarg, defaults)

>    The parameters for a function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The parameters for the defined function.
```
This class follows the FunctionDef and Lambda definitions and appears to only be used as the `args` value for such nodes, as in the example just above (line 1924).  (I checked that it is not used for a call.)

   * ``posonlyargs``, ``args`` and ``kwonlyargs`` are lists of :class:`arg` nodes.
   * ``vararg`` and ``kwarg`` are single :class:`arg` nodes, referring to the
     ``*args, **kwargs`` parameters.

>    * ``kw_defaults`` is a list of default values for keyword-only parameters. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * ``kw_defaults`` is the list of default values for keyword-only parameters. If
```
'a list' would not necessarily have all the defaults in 'the list'.

     one is ``None``, the corresponding argument is required.

>    * ``defaults`` is a list of default values for positional-only and

Reviewer: ditto
```suggestion
   * ``defaults`` is the list of default values for positional-only and
```

>      keyword-or-positional parameter.

Reviewer 2: Arguments have values. Also, this should be plural.
```suggestion
     keyword-or-positional arguments.
```

Author: Only parameters have default values. If the argument is not passed, the the default value is used.

>      keyword-or-positional parameter.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     keyword-or-positional parameters.
```

>      If there are fewer defaults, they correspond to the last n

Reviewer 2: Nitpick:
```suggestion
     If there are fewer defaults, they correspond to the last *n*
```

>      If there are fewer defaults, they correspond to the last *n*
>      parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     If there are fewer defaults than there are such parameters, the defaults correspond to the last *n*
     parameters.
```
As is, the sentence seems incomplete.

.. class:: arg(arg, annotation, type_comment)

>    A single parameter in a list. ``arg`` is a raw string of the parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A single parameter in a list. ``arg`` is a string with the parameter
```
There are raw (string literals) but strings are strings, and dump prints them without 'r' prefixes.

Author: "a raw string" is used multiple times in this file (for function and class name, for example). I think it is better to left this change for a different PR.

Reviewer: OK
